Purchase Order Documentation (#620)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins-b2b/purchase-order/index.mdx

## Supported Commerce features

The following table provides an overview of the Adobe Commerce features that the Purchase Order drop-in supports:

| Feature | Status |
| ------- | ------ |
| Purchase order creation | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| Purchase order approval rules | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| Purchase order approval workflows | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| Purchase order comments and history | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| Purchase order list views | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| Purchase order details view | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| Conditional checkout logic | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| Company and subordinate views | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| Bulk approve/reject actions | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| Convert purchase order to order | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| ACL permission-based access control | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |
| GraphQL API integration | <Badge text="Supported" variant="tip" /> |

> ## Key events

Reviewer: Does this section really belong in the dropin overview?

The Purchase Order drop-in exposes the following key events through the boilerplate:

### purchase-order/data

Emitted by the purchase order initializer.

Requires passing a `poRef` (Purchase Order UID) to the initializer.

> The event contains the full purchase order payload used by the purchase order details container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The event contains the full purchase order payload used by purchase order details containers.
```

After loading and transforming the purchase order data, it also emits an `order/data` event, which is required to initialize the following Order drop-in containers (used on the purchase order details page):
  - **CustomerDetails**
  - **OrderCostSummary**
  - **OrderProductList**

### purchase-order/refresh

> Should be emitted when all purchase order containers need to refresh their data (e.g., when the company context changes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should be emitted when all purchase order containers need to refresh their data (for example, when the company context changes).
```
